Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we'll show you how to get started with using Knox Capture.
Knox Capture is an Android solution that lets enterprise IT admins transform their organization's
Samsung Galaxy smartphones and tablets into barcode scanners that can read, process,
and output barcode information into other applications.
By the end of this video, you'll learn how to
Get a license, use the default Knox Capture profile, change scan engine settings
and keystroke output rules, test a scanning configuration, export a scanning configuration,
deploy the scanning configuration using Knox Manage,
and finally we'll demonstrate how to use the Knox Capture application as an end-user.
Before you can begin using Knox Capture, you’ll need to have the following:
A valid Samsung Knox account, in order to be able to get a Knox Suite license.
If you do not already have one, please go to samsungknox.com and click Enroll to register.
While Knox Capture can be deployed using most EMMs,
this video will explain the deployment process using Samsung Knox Manage.
If you want to follow along with this video, you also need access to the Knox Manage service in the Knox Admin Portal.
Please refer to our Knox Admin Portal documentation at docs.samsungknox.com for instructions on how to enable the service.
You’ll need a Samsung device in order to create and test scanning configurations as an IT admin
You can find a link to the list of compatible devices in the video descriptions below.
And optionally, if you’d like to test Knox Capture from the end-user’s point of view,
you’ll need that device enrolled into Knox Manage, or any EMM of your choice.
The first thing you’ll need to do is install Samsung Knox Capture from Google Play.
Once the application is installed, tap Open.
After reviewing and accepting the Terms of Service and Knox Privacy Policy, tap Agree.
When you land on the Knox Capture main screen for the first time,
you’ll see several tips to help guide you through the application. Tap Dismiss all if you want to hide the tips.
All Samsung Knox Capture users automatically get a free trial when they install the app for the first time.
This free trial lets you explore the application’s features and perform up to 100 barcode scans before prompting for a Knox Suite license key.
Once you have the Knox Suite license key, tap the options menu on the Knox Capture main screen, then tap License to activate the key.
Once activated, tap the back button to return to the main screen.
A Scanning Profile is a core Knox Capture feature that defines how the barcode scanner behaves.
Primarily the profile specifies which apps can launch a barcode scan, which barcode types are accepted,
whether the camera has any special behavior like flash or zoom, and how to process barcode data after scanning.
Out-of-the-box, Knox Capture includes a default scanning profile that gets automatically associated with all apps on the device.
In other words, when Knox Capture is launched,
any app can trigger the camera scanner and receive barcode data in the form of keystrokes.
This makes it easy to use Knox Capture for basic scanning purposes without any additional setup.
Let’s begin by tapping Default scanning profile on the main screen.
On the profile screen, you’ll have access to various profile configuration options.
You can change any default setting except the profile’s apps, since the default profile works with all apps on the device.
At any time, you can reset the default profile back to its original settings by tapping the options button,
then selecting Reset default profile.
Now let’s explore some of the key profile configuration options.
In the default profile screen, under Scanner, tap Knox Capture to view the profile’s scan engine settings.
Here is where you can define overall scanning behavior.
Let’s change a few barcode types in the settings.
The default profile already includes the most commonly used barcode types,
but you can add or remove barcodes from the list by tapping them, then tapping Save.
Under Scan Settings, you can specify the scan mode, and enable features like beeping or vibrating after each scan.
Let’s disable the beep but keep the vibrate after each scan.
Review any other scan engine settings you’re interested in, then tap the back button to return to the profile screen.
Let’s now configure some Keystroke output rules. These rules define how barcode data gets processed after each scan.
For example, you can add a Tab or Enter key, or special characters like a dollar or pound sign,
before or after each barcode string.
In our example, we’ll add a couple of keystroke rules to our default profile.
Under Keystroke output, we’ll tap Send Enter character as.
This step defines how we want to process the Enter key in our profile.
In our case, we’ll process this as a key event,
to emulate hitting Enter on a keyboard.
Then in Basic data formatting, we’ll add a character at the beginning of our barcode.
In our example, we’ll add a dollar sign by tapping Prefix for data, then entering our dollar sign character and tapping Save.
Next, because we want to use an Enter key in our barcode data, we’ll need to append the Enter character after each scan.
We've now created some basic keystroke output rules and changed some scan engine settings.
The next thing we'll want to do is test the profile to see if it works.
Once the default scanning profile has been configured, you can use it to test Knox Capture.
This allows you to verify that your scan engine and keystroke output settings are working as intended.
To test Knox Capture, go to the main screen and tap the options button, then select Test apps.
Find the app that you want to perform a barcode scan with.
In our example, we’ll select Samsung Notes as our scanning application, then Tap Open.
When your test app launches, you’ll see a pop-up letting you know that you’re testing the app with Knox Capture.
This pop-up provides information about the scanning profile, and its relevant scan engine and keystroke output rules.
You can position this pop-up by holding and dragging it anywhere on the screen.
If you tap on any user input field, you should see a Samsung keyboard appear with a Knox Capture camera trigger icon.
Tap this icon to launch the camera, then aim the camera at any barcode.
Once Knox Capture scans the barcode, it processes and places the data into the app,
along with any keystroke output rules that you configured.
In our example, we see that a dollar sign was placed as a prefix to the data,
and our cursor was moved to a new line because we appended an Enter key event.
The test mode pop-up also gets updated after each scan.
Here, you’ll see information about the barcode symbology used,
and what the original data looked like before applying keystroke output rules.
Let’s perform another barcode scan to see what happens. Notice how our keystroke output rules get applied again,
with a dollar sign prefix, and an Enter key event appended to each data string.
To exit test mode, tap the X in the pop-up, then tap Close.
This will exit out of Knox Capture test mode, but you’ll remain in the app.
Let’s switch back to the Knox Capture application.
You’ll see a green checkmark to indicate that you’ve tested this app with Knox Capture.
Tap the back button to return to the Knox Capture main screen.
Then, if you want to test another app, you can repeat the same process.
If you’re satisfied with your scanning profile, you’ll need to share the configuration with an EMM administrator
in order for them to deploy Knox Capture as a managed app to end-user devices.
There are several ways to share a scanning profile configuration. In this video, we’ll share it over email.
To do this, go to the main screen and tap the Share button, then select Email.
after you send the configuration from your device, the EMM admin will receive an email
with an attached configuration text file, along with instructions on how to deploy the configuration.
For this video, we’ll walk you through the deployment process using Knox Manage.
Once you sign into Knox Manage, go to Application, then click Add.
In Managed Google Play, search for Samsung Knox Capture, then click Select, then Save & Assign.
In the Assign Application page, go to Managed Configuration, then click Set Configuration.
In the first field, give your configuration a name.
In the second row, click Configure to enable the Knox Capture Configuration field.
Then copy and paste the contents of the configuration text file from the email into this field.
For the third row, click Configure again to enable the Knox Capture License field.
Copy and paste your Knox Suite license key into this field, then click Save.
Back on the Assign Application page, select a group then click Assign, then OK.
This pushes Knox Capture as a managed application onto the end user’s device.
Once the end-users receive Knox Capture as a managed application on their devices,
they can begin to use Knox Capture in managed mode.
When Knox Capture is running in managed mode, the end-user can perform barcode scans using the profile set by the administrator.
They can also view the scanning profile settings, by tapping the options button, then tapping View current configuration.
If the user taps the scanning profile given to them - in our case, the default scanning profile - they can information about
their scan engine settings and keystroke output rules that were applied by the IT administrator.
Back on the device user's main screen, they can also enable a floating action button
that allows them to trigger a camera scan, using a button that displays on every screen.
And if users are using specialized rugged devices like the Samsung Galaxy XCover Pro,
they can change the hardware key that triggers a camera scanner.
By default, it's set to the XCover key, on the left side of the device,
but users can change this key to the top or the right-side keys, to trigger the scanner.
Let's now perform a barcode scan as an end user.
To do this, open an application. In our example, we'll use Samsung Notes.
Once you tap your user input field, the Samsung keyboard should appear and you should see a Knox Capture camera trigger icon.
Tap the icon to scan a barcode.
Once the barcode is scanned, the Keystroke output rules will get applied and the data will be inserted into the application.
In our example, we can see that the prefix of a dollar sign,
and the Enter key was applied to our barcode data.
Let's scan a few more barcodes to test this further,
and you can see that several barcodes have been scanned with the appropriate Keystroke output rules applied.
This now concludes our video on getting started with Knox Capture.
To learn more about Knox Capture and any of the features covered in this video,
please visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.